LSP: Fixes URL decoding incoming file names. (#13473)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

* Commandline Interface: Add `--no-cbor-metadata` that skips CBOR metadata from getting appended at the end of the bytecode.
* Standard JSON: Add a boolean field `settings.metadata.appendCBOR` that skips CBOR metadata from getting appended at the end of the bytecode.
* Yul Optimizer: Allow replacing the previously hard-coded cleanup sequence by specifying custom steps after a colon delimiter (``:``) in the sequence string.

> * Language Server: Fixes URL decoding of incoming file names.

Reviewer: I was initially confused as to why file names would need URL-decoding. I think it would be better to say that we're decoding the `file://` URLs.
```suggestion
* Language Server: Properly URL-decode the `file://` URIs coming from the client and encode the URIs coming out of by the server.
```
I'd also say it's a bugfix rather than a feature :)

Compiler Features:
 * Code Generator: More efficient overflow checks for multiplication.
 * Yul Optimizer: Simplify the starting offset of zero-length operations to zero.

>  * Language Server: Fixes URL decoding incoming file names.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Language Server: Fixes URL decoding of incoming file names.
```

Compiler Features:
 * Code Generator: More efficient overflow checks for multiplication.

>  * Yul Optimizer: Simplify the starting offset of zero-length operations to zero.

Reviewer: This seems out of place in this PR.
